# Acyclic-Directed-Graph-Detector
You know the number of racers participating in the race (N) but you do not know the initial ordering of the racers at the race start. Commentators are giving updates about the race like "Racer 3 passed Racer 8". However, your radio is broken and sometimes you lose the signal and miss some updates from the commentators. Commentators are not giving any contradictory updates, however, since you miss some updates they give, the updates you have heard may contain contradictory statements. For example, in a race between N racers, assume that first you hear the update "Racer 1 passed Racer 2", then after a while and possibly missing some updates you hear "Racer 2 passed Racer 1". During the time between the two updates racers 1 and 2 may have passed other racers and may have passed each other multiple times. Therefore, you should not discard any previous updates when you encounter a contradictory one.  Note that if you never miss an update and if you know the initial ordering of the racers you can deterministically find out the end result of the race, but since you miss some updates and the initial order is unkown there may be more than one possible result you can generate or it may be impossible to generate a result at all. A possible result is defined as a result which satisfies all the updates you have heard. For example consider a race with 3 racers, if you hear the updates “Racer 1 passed Racer 2” and “Racer 2 passed Racer 3”, the race result 1,2,3 is a possible ordering as it satisfies both updates. Now assume that you heard a third update “Racer 3 passed Racer 1”. In this case it becomes impossible to generate a possible result because however you order racers 1 and 3 in the result, the result only satisfies two of the three updates
